# CS-370-Repo

> *Briefly explain the work that you did on this project: What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?*

&ensp; This project consisted of training an intelligent agent for a pathfinding problem. The intelligent agent was to navigate the game environment, avoiding obstacles, in order to find the treasure before the human player. In order to achieve this goal, the intelligent agent was trained using a deep Q-learning algorithm with an epsilon-greedy approach to exploration versus exploitation. My part in this project involved implementing the Q-training algorithm. In order to achieve this, the algorithm iterated over a set number of epochs. The algorithm would stop before the set number of epochs if the intelligent agent reached a consistent 100% win rate. During each iteration, the intellgent agent would observe the environment, and while the current game was not over, the intelligent agent would choose to either explore the environment or utilize experience replay to exploit previous knowledge to make a prediction for the next move. The value of epsilon dictated the decision of whether to explore the environment or exploit previous knowledge. A low value for epsilon was utilized to ensure that the intelligent agent would only explore the environment 10% of the time. After the intelligent agent's action, the environment state was updated, and the episode was stored in experience replay. Then, the model was trained on the new data, the loss was evaluated, and the win history was updated. After the current game was over, the win rate was updated.

> *What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?*

&ensp; The field of computer science is an ever-evolving field of study. It is rapidly expanding, and in order to keep up with current trends, computer scientists need to be actively involved through research and experimentation. This research and experimentation allows them to stay up-to-date with current trends and discover new solutions to existing problems to advance the field. They also discover new problems through their research and experimentation, and they develop solutions to these problems along the way. Advancing the field of computer science is critical in developing our society. New advances in technology allow us to evolve and adapt to the world in new ways. Advances in fields such as artificial intelligence will allow us to solve existing and new problems much faster than traditional methods, advancing society in a new, positive direction that will hopefully make the lives of everyone easier and better.

> *How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?*

&ensp; Computer scientists approach problem solving with an open mind. Therefore, I would first start by indentifying and understanding the problem at hand. Then, I would use the knowledge that I had learned through my research to formulate potential solutions for the problem at hand. I would also utilize experimentation to come up with potential solutions and optimizations for the algorithms that were created to solve the problem.

> *What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?*

&ensp; As a computer scientist, it is very important to consider the ethical implications surrounding the solutions that I create. I need to consider how my solutions affect not just the organization that I am working for, but also the general public. Therefore, I will follow a code of ethics to make sure that no harm comes to any individual as a result of the research, experimentation, and soulutions that I create. I will keep the greater good in mind to ensure that there are only positive outcomes from my actions as a computer scientist. Therefore, I shall ensure that my actions do not harm the company that I work for and the public in any way.
